---
layout: page
#
# Content
#
subheadline: "My First Blog/Post!"
title: "Hello World!"
teaser: "Welcome! This post is actually being written in July as I type, boy has this been an eventful year so far!"
categories:
  - blog
tags:
  - blog
  - autism
#
# Styling
#
header: no
image:
  title: forest.jpg
  thumb: "me-peace.jpg"

---
2019, so far, has been quite a pivotal year. I don't know where I’d be without the initiative i’ve taken to integrate myself more within society, discovering and understanding my autism, my Autism group, and just as a whole; the steps I've taken to understand myself more; and love me for who I am. 

After leaving my previous employment at the start of 2016, the next few years were a somewhat downward spiral up until my ASD (Aspergers) diagnosis in the summer of 2018; I was filled with self doubt, and a strong sense of worthlessness. It was as though, among other complexes; I didn’t know who I was, just that I was expected to be someone else and something about me being myself was wrong, especially within the workplace. Acts of honesty and being open (without malice) meant I was judged or berated where lies and deceit were expected or rewarded. That confusion and failure to conform lead to depression and sharp peaks in my usual daily anxiety getting much worse.

I truly, at my worst, felt like a stain on my loved ones lives, an obtrusive piece of furniture that my partner had to become accustomed to, and given my lack of ever quite fitting in; I struggled to see myself ever succeeding in a normal office/workspace without feeling ostracized, or more depression that would only lead to further pain or tragedy. 
<br/>It'd been too many years of the same sense of impending doom, social anxiety, and many other social and personal problems continuously affecting my ability to accept myself, and blend in, let alone integrate. It was then that I realised I needed something to change but first to understand myself better; this lead to me on the path to discovering more about female Aspergers’.

It’s been a steep climb to try to get back to a good place since, and I've definitely tumbled backwards more than a few times, but the point is I’m always picking myself back up, and continuing that uphill battle, even if I'm carrying new cuts, scars or having to take it at a slower pace when I need to rest. It’s certainly draining and exhausting, but I'm not going to have better days, unless I try to push myself at least a little sometimes. 
<br/>I should make it clear though; recognising that I am Autistic, and also getting a diagnosis, is most probably the best thing I’ve ever done. 
It’s taken a LOT of work, and a lot of reflection, forgiveness (of both myself and others), and self care, but being diagnosed and finally understanding my brain a whole heap more, has allowed me to have more of an understanding of my life and me - I have been able to come to terms with a lot of difficult past circumstances (outcomes, situations, memories, reactions, etc.), where I’ve born grudges and been unable to move forwards, or progress mentally. There’s certainly a good few stages of grief that I’ve skipped over, and of course our experiences, actions and reactions are all different and subjective throughout life, but i’m just trying to do my best for me now, having learned and continuing to learn and understand both limits and untapped awesomeness.
It’s been a steep climb to try to get back to a good place since, and I've definitely tumbled backwards more than a few times, but the point is I’m always picking myself back up, and continuing that uphill battle, even if i’m carrying new cuts, scars or having to take it at a slower pace when I need to rest.  

I went through the works when initially receiving the diagnosis and before that my “I’m Autistic” epiphany/realisation; it's all too easy to start to unpick parts of your life, doubt yourself, unravel even, and it’s SO easy to shift blame to family, teachers, friends, close others for failing to recognise the signs, letting you down, or failing to help pick you back up - Would I have performed better in school? Could I have been more successful or done more had I known sooner? Is that why X happened?<br/>

It’s important to note though - not all is negative when finding out that you’re Autistic, in fact congratulations and welcome! You are NOT alone! You may not see or realise it yet; but there are so very many good qualities that come with being autistic. <br/>Who you are as a person is a product and result of your life and experiences so far, and how you have dealt with all of the ups, down’s, blows and brilliance that life has thrown your way over the years. <br/>

I hope that writing this blog, and creating this safe space here brings as much help, relief, or joy to read to anyone who stumbles across my site, as it does to me writing it.
<br/>I’ve been meaning to start a blog for many years, and have long struggled to find an appropriate platform with a balance to speak both at length, sincerely, sensitively without being too public or too private, and hope this will serve that purpose well. <br/>
