---
layout: page
#
# Content
#
subheadline: "Random Thought of the Day"
title: "Beached Whales and Evolution"
teaser: "It’s not just me that has randomly invasive and nonsensical thoughts right?? "
categories:
  - showerthoughts
tags:
  - showerthoughts
  - thought of the day
  - random thought
  - random
#
# Styling
#
header: no
image:

---
*“What if Whales beach themselves because they just wanna evolve to have legs?
Here we are just shoving them back into the ocean like right dick’eds. 
I bet that's why whale song sounds so sad.”*

My intrusive thoughts are occasional… actually they happen often but more frequently than I’ll admit to, ha. It really depends on my current mood and energy levels as to how frequent or in depth they are, and most often, if not massively distracting, they’re harmless; nonsensical and whimsical in nature.
Rewind to my mentally unhealthier days however, and they’d definitely be dark and ominous enough to throw me into bouts of depression that could last from days to weeks.
My humour can be a little dark, and I know this particular thought was entirely factually inaccurate and a little grisly, but I’d consider myself as quite a caring and helpful person by nature.

I was having a busy day of ploughing through writing, and elaborating on some narrative work for a Visual Novel game I’m developing, and was definitely at the point of almost hitting the wall and my mind wandering, before that randomly flew across my mind.

Actually, I had Kiss from a Rose by Seal on repeat , so I wonder if by association, my mind travelled oceans and all sorts far and wide, to conclude at beaches and Wales. Funny how a fleeting thought can be literal milliseconds, and yet when saying it out loud it can sound so convoluted and long winded. 
